>>> BUBBLING BENEATH THE SURFACE
OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY HERE IN
D.C. ARE SOME REAL RESENTMENTS
OF FELLOW DEMOCRATS STILL
BLAMING ISRAEL FOR THE HOSPITAL
EXPLOSION DESPITE U.S.
INTELLIGENCE CLASSIFIED AND
UNCLASSIFIED SUGGESTING THAT IT
WAS ACTUALLY A MISFIRED
PALESTINIAN ROCKET THAT DID THAT
DAMAGE.
PENNSYLVANIA DEMOCRATIC SENATOR
JOHN FETTERMAN WROTE QUOTE --
WHO WOULD TAKE THE WORD OF A
GROUP THAT JUST MASSACRED
INNOCENT CIVILIANS OVER OUR KEY
ALLY.
INNOCENT ISRAELIS WERE THE
VICTIM OF THE TERRORIST ATTATAC
THAT RESULTED IN THE LARGEST
LIFE OF JEWISH LIVES SINCE THE
HOLOCAUST.
NOW WE KNOW IT WAS NOT CAUSED BY
ISRAEL.
A DEMOCRAT OF FLORIDA WROTE MY
COLLEAGUES WHO BLAMED ISRAEL
SHOULD TAKE DOWN THEIR POSTS,
END QUOTE.
ONE NOTED THE U.S. INTELLIGENCE
ASSESSMENT WAS THAT THIS WAS NOT
DONE BY ISRAEL BUT THE OTHER
CONGRESSWOMAN OF MICHIGAN, NOT
ONLY HAS SHE NOT UPDATED FROM
HER POST, SHE TOOK THE STAGE TO
ADDRESS PROTESTORS AND ISSUED A
THREAT TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
>> PRESIDENT BIDEN, NOT ALL
AMERICANS WITH YOU ON THIS ONE
AND YOU NEED TO WAKE UP AND
UNDERSTAND THAT!
WE ARE LITERALLY WATCHING PEOPLE
COMMIT GENOCIDE AND KILLING JUST
LIKE THIS AND WE STILL STAND BY
YOU SAY NOTHING!
WE WILL REMEMBER THIS.
>> AND THE CONGRESSMAN'S TWEET
BLAMING ISRAEL FOR WHAT HAPPENED
IS STILL UP.
CNN'S JESSICA DEAN JOINS ME NOW.
SO, JESSICA, DEMOCRATS HAVE BEEN
VERY EAGER TO HIGHLIGHT THE
EMBARRASSING DYSFUNCTION OF
HOUSE REPUBLICANS WHEN IT COMES
TO THE SPEAKER CRISIS, BUT THESE
ARE SOME TENSIONS THAT WE'RE
SEEING AMONG HOUSE DEMOCRATS ON
THIS ISSUE OF ISRAEL AND THE
PALESTINIANS AS WELL.
>> YOU'RE SEEING THOSE FAULT
LINES AND I TALKED TO SEVERAL
HOUSE DEMOCRATS TODAY AND ONE
TOLD ME IN THEIR WORDS THAT HER
COLLEAGUES ARE FURIOUS.
YES, THAT THEY'RE VERY
FRUSTRATED.
IT'S NOT JUST PUBLIC PERCEPTION
OVER THIS.
THEY THINK THESE SORTS OF
COMMENTS THAT GO AGAINST U.S.
INTELLIGENCE ARE DANGEROUS IN A
WAY BY SPREADING THAT MESSAGE.
AND THEY PUT IT TO ME THIS WAY.
THEY SAID WHY IS SHE BELIEVING
HAMAS' WORD OVER THE U.S.
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES?
AND THERE IS I'M TOLD A PUSH FOR
HER TO SIT FOR AN INTELLIGENCE
BRIEFING AND SEE THE
INTELLIGENCE HERSELF WITH THE
HOPE THAT THAT WILL INFORM SOME
MESSAGING GOING FORWARD.
I DID ASK IF SHE HAS DONE THAT
OR HAS PLANS.
I'VE NOT GOTTEN A RESPONSE FROM
THEM.
WE KNOW THAT SOME OF OUR
COLLEAGUES HAVE COMPLAINED TO
THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER IN THE
HOUSE, HAKEEM JEFFRIES, ABOUT
THIS.
I TALKED TO ANOTHER DEMOCRAT WHO
SAID WE'VE SEEN THE HOUSE
DEMOCRATS RANGE FROM BEING
OUTSPOKEN ON THIS.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ SAID
THIS WAS A VILE POSITION TO
TAKE.
OTHERS ARE STANDING BACK TO GIVE
HER SOME ROOM TO PERHAPS WALK
THIS BACK.
BUT THEY SAID THAT FETTERMAN
TWEET THAT YOU JUST READ IN THE
LEAD IN THERE, THAT THAT SUMS UP
HOW A LOT OF HOUSE DEMOCRATS
FEEL RIGHT NOW.
>> I TALKED TO A U.S. SENATOR
WHO ATTENDED A CLASSIFIED
BRIEFING WHO SAID THE CLASSIFIED
INTELLIGENCE MAKES IT CLEAR
THERE'S NO DOUBT THAT WAS
PALESTINIAN ISLAMIC JIHAD, BUT
ARE DEMOCRATS AFRAID THAT IF
THEY CALL OUT CONGRESSWOMAN
TALIB THAT THEY WILL ALIENATE
AND ANGER THE PROGRESSIVE BASE
OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY THAT IS
FAR MORE CRITICAL OF ISRAEL?
>> FAR MORE CRITICAL OF ISRAEL
AND HAS BEEN PART OF THE
DEMOCRATIC COALITION IN WINNING
THESE ELECTIONS IN THE LAST
SEVERAL CYCLES.
SO THEY HAVE BEEN A CRITICAL
PART TO THE DEMOCRATIC
COALITION.
THE SENSE I'M GETTING FROM
TALKING TO PEOPLE IS THERE IS
FRUSTRATION THOUGH BUBBLING AND
WHAT I'M INTERESTED TO SEE IS
OVER THE NEXT DAY OR TWO IF SHE
CONTINUES TO HOLD ON TO THIS.
IF PEOPLE START TO BE MORE
OUTSPOKEN.
IF WE HEAR FROM MORE OF OUR
COLLEAGUES ON THE RECO